Added CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md file (#8)
schedulo-org/schedulo.com: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

# Citizen Code of Conduct

## 1. Purpose

> A primary goal of **DjangoIndia Community** is to be inclusive to the largest number of contributors, with the most varied and diverse backgrounds possible. As such, we are committed to providing a **friendly, safe, and welcoming environment for all**, regardless of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A primary goal of **Schedulo** is to be inclusive to the largest number of contributors, with the most varied and diverse backgrounds possible. As such, we are committed to providing a **friendly, safe, and welcoming environment for all**, regardless of:
```

- Gender
- Sexual orientation
- Ability
- Ethnicity
- Socioeconomic status
- Religion (or lack thereof)

This Code of Conduct outlines our **expectations** for all participants in our community, as well as the **consequences for unacceptable behavior**.

> We invite everyone who participates in the DjangoIndia Community to help us create **safe and positive experiences** for everyone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We invite everyone who participates in the Schedulo to help us create **safe and positive experiences** for everyone.
```
